1.5 Which Technologies Are Used?
******************************************
The interdisciplinary nature of data mining research and development contrbutes significantly to the success of data mining research and its extensive applications.

1.5.1 Statistics
------------------
Statistical Model::
    
    a set of mathematical functions that describe the behavior of the objects 
    in a target class in terms of random variables and their associated 
    probability distributions.

Statistical methods can be used to 
* summarize or describe a collection of data.
* verify data mining results

A serious chanllenge is to scale up a statistical method over a large set of data. Many statistical methods have high complexity in computation.

1.5.2 Machine Learning
-----------------------
machine learning investigates how computers can learn (or improve their performance) on data.

Supervised learning
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
**Supervised learning** is basically a synonym for **classification**.

The supervision in the learning comes from the labeled examples in the training data set.

For example: in the postal code recognition problem, a set of handwritten postal code images and their corresponding machine-readable translations are used as the training examples, which supervise the learning of the classification model.

Unsupervised learning
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
**Unsupervised learning** is essentially a synonym for **clustering**.

The learning process is unsupervised since the input examples are not class labeled. 

Typically, we may use clustering to discover classes within the data.

Semi-supervised learning
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Semi-supervised learning is a class of machine learning that make use of both labeled and unlabeled examples when learning a model.

In one apprach, labeled examples are used to learn class models and unlabeled examples are used to refine the boundaries between classes.

Active learning
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Active learning is a machine learning approach that lets users play an active role in the learning process






